{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red68\green78\blue83;\red51\green187\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c26667\c30588\c32549;\csgenericrgb\c20000\c73333\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww11680\viewh16840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Universal Basic Income
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Audience
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 General audience
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Need an introduction to UBI
\fs24 \

\fs20 Might already have an opinion on the subject but no in-depth knowledge
\fs24 \

\fs20 Want to have a reason to stay and learn more (entertainment / involvement
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 What would UBI mean for you?
\fs24 \

\fs20 Guess / give an opinion on something:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 What monthly income would be affordable?
\fs24 \

\fs20 What is the poverty line?
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Are you affected by an implicit marginal tax rate?
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Want to have a relative comparison to understand the magnitudes of numbers
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Pie: How much of the GDP is that?
\fs24 \

\fs20 Can I come up with a real world comparison of magnitudes?
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Do sizes make sense?
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1200\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 What\'92s a valuable thing that can be divided into equal parts?
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 UI idea: hovering over numbers in texts gives you a tool-tip comparison
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Want to have explanations for technical terms and want to be addressed in ordinary language
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 UI idea: same as for numbers: a tool-tip explains technical terms and abbreviations
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Policy makers
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Don\'92t have much time
\fs24 \

\fs20 Have a deeper understanding of welfare and some idea of UBI
\fs24 \

\fs20 Want to be able to immediately identify what flavor of UBI you are talking about and identify your \'93position\'94
\fs24 \

\fs20 Want to see something they don\'92t know already
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Could be new information
\fs24 \

\fs20 Could be a new connection / presentation of already known information
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 UBI proponents,  advocates  & researchers
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Already know a lot about the subject
\fs24 \

\fs20 Want to see a solid & sound argument for UBI
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 UBI critics
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Different levels of knowledge on UBI
\fs24 \

\fs20 Want their concerns to be addressed
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Political feasibility
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Want their alternatives to be considered
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 UBI instead of health care and public education
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Motivation
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Previous Projects
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Climbing the Energy Ladder \'96 A Way out of Poverty?
\fs24 \

\fs20 Ways to Visualize Inequality
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 General interest / biography / MFA thesis
\fs24 \

\fs20 First Inspiration: Guy Standing talk at the CCC: The Precariat: A Disruptive Class for Disruptive Times. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://media.ccc.de/v/35c3-10021-the_precariat_a_disruptive_class_for_disruptive_times"}}{\fldrslt (link)}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Goals
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 A balanced story for the different targeted audiences.
\fs24 \

\fs20 Resource that combines different efforts in UBI advocacy & research
\fs24 \

\fs20 Tool of persuasion, making the argument for UBI: Positive change instead of critique in previous projects
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Author
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Attributes
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 honest
\fs24 \

\fs20 diplomatic
\fs24 \

\fs20 balanced
\fs24 \

\fs20 respectable
\fs24 \

\fs20 knowledgable
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Language
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Common language, but no compromising on complexity and technical terms
\fs24 \

\fs20 Polite, not condescending
\fs24 \

\fs20 Respecting count-arguments
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Writing
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Find the right tool:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 1.1 Footnotes, Zotero or RefWorks? BibTeX, Chicago
\fs24 \

\fs20 1.2. Auto toc, bibliography, list of figures, list of tables
\fs24 \

\fs20 1.3. Links, cross-references
\fs24 \

\fs20 1.4. Custom CSS
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Challenges
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Set the right focus, it\'92s a big topic
\fs24 \

\fs20 Getting the data
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 History
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Standing2017
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 1960 or
\fs24 \

\fs20 earlier?
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Croll Report (Canada 1971)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Tools
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 d3.js
\fs24 \

\fs20 vue
\fs24 \

\fs20 vue-cli or webpack
\fs24 \

\fs20 Will I need a back-end?
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Arguments
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Re-group the arguments
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Consequential: \'93positive\'93 or \'93negative\'94 effects on the economy or society in the domains of productivity, efficiency, participation in the workforce, bargaining power, education, health, equality, level of freedom
\fs24 \

\fs20 Deontological: \'93moral\'94 or \'93ideological\'94 or \'93market\'94 imperative arguments for or against UBI
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs20 \cf2 For whom is which argument for or against UBI
\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 For
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Effects on labour
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \'93\'85 UBI can mitigate, helping make currently unpaid (or underpaid) labour paid (or fairly paid) and thereby increasing personal income and income tax revenue.\'94 (Pereira2017, p. 38)
\fs24 \

\fs20 Eliminating disincentivizing implicit marginal tax rates
\fs24 \

\fs20 Jobs will have to be more attractive
\fs24 \

\fs20 Counter-argument to people won\'92t work anymore
\fs24 \

\fs20 Hope that the ability to take risks, due to a safety net will encourage people to entrepreneurship (Yang2018, p. 158)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Increased income tax revenue
\fs24 \

\fs20 Freedom
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 No one is forced to do work, that they don\'92t want to do (de-humanizing work, un-satisfactory jobs, etc.)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Equality / Emancipation
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 UBI is a way to compensate for currently unpaid work or work that\'92s impossible to compensate for in our current system (Ref: Van Parijs, I think)
\fs24 \

\fs20 No one is forced to team up (Women leaving their husbands is actually a good thing
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 The Commons
\fs24 \

\fs20 Inherited Wealth / Income (Institutions, opportunities and thus jobs and income are in fact part of the Commons)
\fs24 \

\fs20 Effects on the overall economy
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Against
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Questionable economic feasibility
\fs24 \

\fs20 Questionable political feasibility
\fs24 \

\fs20 Not sustainable
\fs24 \

\fs20 Meritocracy, no one should be rewarded, if they do not contribute to society (That\'92s actually suggested by the Left and the Right.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 John Rawls and the Surfers in Miami
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Hershman
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Perversity
\fs24 \

\fs20 Futility
\fs24 \

\fs20 Jeopardy
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Rising inflation
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Inflation has been low for years and even the huge amounts of money necessary after the financial crisis didn\'92t have a substantial effect  (Yang2018, p. 153 f)
\fs24 \

\fs20 Some prices would rise, but technological development would make things cheaper in the long run (Yang2018, p. 154)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Instead of gaining more freedom, people would actually be more dependent on the government
\fs24 \

\fs20 Increased influence of / more power for big tech
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 More time & attention spent on digital services
\fs24 \

\fs20 They own the automated machines that now keep the economy running
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 What about immigration? \'96 Who can receive the UBI?
\fs24 \

\fs20 UBI actually solve the unpaid work problem: there\'92s still no compensation for jobs, it\'92s unclear if it would raise gender equality \'96 stay-at-home partners would still have less money compared to full-time working partners
\fs24 \

\fs20 No one would work:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Answer: Contradictory simultaneously held beliefs  (Yang2018, p. 153 f)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Work is essential
\fs24 \

\fs20 No one works if they don\'92t have to
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 What work means needs to change fundamentally anyways in face of automation (Yang2018, p. 153 f)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 UBI means employers expect people to work for less, it would only lead to more equality towards the lower income percentiles
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Robert J. van der Veen and Philippe van Parijs: Fun jobs will face declining wages. (Yang2018, p. 158)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Data
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Re-group the data
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Quantitative
\fs24 \

\fs20 Qualitative
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Case Studies:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 I heard of:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Canada \'96 Historical (Mincome)
\fs24 \

\fs20 Canada \'96 Recent
\fs24 \

\fs20 Norway \'96 Recent study
\fs24 \

\fs20 Kenya
\fs24 \

\fs20 India
\fs24 \

\fs20 US
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 The problems with case studies: Always tainted, because small sample (Van Parijs) and some case studies are just money injected into the community
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Basic Income. A radical proposal for a free society and a sane economy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWvhkFOxGkM"}}{\fldrslt (link)}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 What indicators do they look at / might be interesting
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Impacts on labour: Hours worked
\fs24 \

\fs20 Impacts on Jobs: Incline/ Decline
\fs24 \

\fs20 Impacts on productivity. What\'92s produced?
\fs24 \

\fs20 Change of the economy
\fs24 \

\fs20 Impacts on Health, nutrition
\fs24 \

\fs20 Impacts on Education
\fs24 \

\fs20 Impacts on equality / gender equality
\fs24 \

\fs20 Impacts on temptation goods:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Cash transfers and temptation goods : a review of global evidence (English) | The World Bank {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/617631468001808739/Cash-transfers-and-temptation-goods-a-review-of-global-evidence"}}{\fldrslt (link)}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Incidents
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Swiss \'96 Referendum \'96 Can the polling before be interesting?
\fs24 \

\fs20 Alaska \'96 A dividend
\fs24 \

\fs20 India?
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Economic models / simulations
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Pereira2017
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Reference
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Richard Pereira editor, SpringerLink, and Springer-Verlag. SpringerLink, _Financing Basic Income Addressing the Cost Objection, Exploring the Basic Income Guarantee_ (Cham: Springer International Publishing, 2017), [ref](http://proxy.library.cooper.edu:2048/login?url=https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-54268-3.)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 1.  \'93Savings from Replacement of Existing Income Security Programmes\'94 (Canada) (Pereira2017, pp. 15 ff)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Mentioned by Young and Mulvale
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1200\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Old Age Supplement
\fs24 \

\fs20 Child Tax Benefit
\fs24 \

\fs20 Provincial payments to individuals / Welfare payments
\fs24 \

\fs20 GST (Goods and Services Tax) and other tax credits
\fs24 \

\fs20 Local payments to individuals
\fs24 \

\fs20 (Employment Insurance)
\fs24 \

\fs20 (Pension plan)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Additional programs (\'93Programme Savings and Redundancy Are Vastly Underestimated\'94, Pereira2017, p.23 f)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1200\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Registered Retirement Savings Plan
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 (\'93a retirement income supplement programme and tax shelter, that disproportionately benefits high-income earners\'93, Pereira 2017 p. 16)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1200\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 + increased capital gains tax from the assets that have been protected before (Pereira2017, p. 18)
\fs24 \

\fs20 Tax free savings accounts
\fs24 \

\fs20 Registered Education Savings Plans
\fs24 \

\fs20 Tax deductions on charity donations
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \'93Fewer and fewer people are donating larger amounts...And spouses with higher incomes can also claim contributions made by their partners\'94 (Simms 2013)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1200\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Funds and grants for charities by the government
\fs24 \

\fs20 \'93Reduced public costs of health care, crime and other factors\'93
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 (Rainer 2012; Canada Without Poverty n.d.; Laurie 2008; Rainer and Ernst 2014). \'93Poverty\'92s demand on health care alone may now approach $40 billion per year\'94 in Canada (Rainer and Ernst 2014).
\fs24 \

\fs20 \'93Reduced public costs for health, crime and other factors make up this large total savings item.\'93 (Pereira2017, p. 19)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1200\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Subsidized private day-care
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Maternity / paternity leave
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1200\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Social housing
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \'93These pro- grammes also limit freedom in terms of where one can live, as most social housing is in selected locations with a limited variety of home types, and most importantly, long waiting lists in many instances.\'93 (Pereira2017, p. 22)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1200\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \'93One must reduce the net cost of UBI by not only existing welfare costs, but also by what the cost objectors are proposing in terms of increased funds towards welfare \'96 this is additional funding they would put towards the (admittedly failed) existing system, which would be better directed to UBI.\'93 (Pereira2017, p. 20)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \'93[Critics of economic feasibility of UBI] know the existing system is a failure.21 But they are not willing to commit to UBI. Therefore, the additional funding advocated for the existing welfare system should be added to actual existing welfare payments, as this would be the total amount of spending (savings for UBI advocates) that would be directed to the current system, but available to UBI financing instead.\'94 (Pereira2017, p. 23)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1200\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Working Income Tax Benefit
\fs24 \

\fs20 Senior Homeowners\'92 Property Tax Grant
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 2. \'93Inefficiencies and Leakages in the Existing Tax System \'96 No New Taxes!\'94 (Pereira2017, pp. 25 ff)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \'94Vast wealth is channelled away from public goods through these shady and secretive offshore jurisdictions, placing additional burdens on those in lower income brackets. Addressing this as a priority, before referring to any personal income tax increases, is a necessity as the existing system is not being honoured or enforced.\'94 (Pereira 2017, p. 26)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 NIT vs demogrant
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 NIT would mean a large-scale saving in government spending (Pereira 2017, p. 26 ff)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 3. \'93Freedom from Bureaucracy\'94 (Pereira, p. 28 ff)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \'93It also wastes a great deal of time and other resources on both sides of this divide.\'94 (Pereira2017, p. 28)
\fs24 \

\fs20 \'93Maintaining numerous offices, tribunals, employees and data control to carry this all out, micromanaging people\'92s lives, costs a great deal of public money that is not sufficiently acknowledged in the cost objection.\'94 (Pereira2017, p. 28)
\fs24 \

\fs20 Testimony: Ali (Pereira2017, p. 28 f)
\fs24 \

\fs20 \'93All these large bureaucracies also make government less transparent and therefore less accountable. It becomes exceedingly difficult to penetrate all their workings, and numerous opportunities for patronage and corruption arise (Montreal Gazette 2011; Alcoba 201326).\'93 (Pereira2017, p. 30)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 4. Extractive growth needs to be taxed \'93Externalities and Current Free-riding\'94 (Pereira2017, pp. 31 ff)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Pollution
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1200\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Health costs
\fs24 \

\fs20 Aesthetic costs (Revenue of tourism, recreation)
\fs24 \

\fs20 Climate change costs
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 David Suzuki and James Hansen
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Carbon Fee
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Diminished public goods / resources (fisheries)
\fs24 \

\fs20 Free labor
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1200\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Unpaid overtime
\fs24 \

\fs20 Unpaid internships
\fs24 \

\fs20 Misclassification of employees as self-employed
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Financial speculation
\fs24 \

\fs20 Corporate welfare (subsidies)
\fs24 \

\fs20 \{Rentiers\}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Murray
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Murray2016 Charles Murray, A Plan to Replace the Welfare State (2016)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Polls
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Europe
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Europe: 64% of People in Favour of Basic Income, Poll Finds | BIEN {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://basicincome.org/news/2016/05/europe-eu-poll-basic-income-support/"}}{\fldrslt (link)}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Automation
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Job market until now
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Census
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 2016 White House research
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Where can I use APIs?
\fs24 \

\fs20 Books, Articles, Text
\fs24 \

\fs20 Reports on historic debates
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Design
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Attributes
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 trustworthy
\fs24 \

\fs20 serious
\fs24 \

\fs20 calm
\fs24 \

\fs20 clean
\fs24 \

\fs20 with some authority
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 institutional
\fs24 \

\fs20 scientific
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 not unpersonal
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 emotional moments
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Testimonies
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1200\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Video / Quotes
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Relative comparisons
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Visualization Ideas
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 My ideas
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Qualitative
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Wikipedia scraping: how are these concepts and persons linked? Milton Friedman to Marx for example
\fs24 \

\fs20 Testimonies Approach
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Filter like in previous project: An overview of proponents to explain different concepts of and arguments for UBI
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf3 Mapping arguments
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Argument Visualization {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mindmup.com/tutorials/argument-visualization.html"}}{\fldrslt (link)}}
\fs24 \

\fs20 Argunet Editor - Argunet {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.argunet.org/editor/"}}{\fldrslt (link)}}
\fs24 \

\fs20 Argument Mapping - Reasoninglab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.reasoninglab.com/argument-mapping/"}}{\fldrslt (link)}}
\fs24 \

\fs20 https://www.rationaleonline.com/
\fs24 \

\fs20 https://debategraph.org/Stream.aspx?nid=61932&vt=ngraph&dc=focus {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://debategraph.org/Stream.aspx?nid=61932&vt=ngraph&dc=focus"}}{\fldrslt (link)}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Quantative
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 100 People metaphor
\fs24 \

\fs20 Connected or alternating views/ charts, area, graph, bar
\fs24 \

\fs20 What\'92s the angle for data: growing automation estimates (uncertainties), current welfare (the economist calculator), models
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Implicit marginal tax rate, visualization (global comparison)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Youngstown could be a separate issue on its own (Yang pp. 104ff)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 References /  Already existing examples
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Economist, UBI calculator
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Universal basic income in the OECD {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/2016/06/03/universal-basic-income-in-the-oecd"}}{\fldrslt (link)}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 People / Groups
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Possible Contacts
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Guy Standing, BIEN (Basic Income Earth Network
\fs24 \

\fs20 Home | Stanford Basic Income Lab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://basicincome.stanford.edu/"}}{\fldrslt (link)}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Alan Krueger / Why is Universal Basic Income So Controversial? - Lecture | Stanford Basic Income Lab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://basicincome.stanford.edu/events/alan-krueger-why-universal-basic-income-so-controversial-lecture"}}{\fldrslt (link)}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Andrew Yang / 2020 Freedom Dividend
\fs24 \

\fs20 Philippe Van Parijs
\fs24 \

\fs20 Richard Pereira
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Questions:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Are the calculations adaptable to the US or any other country, how would the research process for that look like?
\fs24 \

\fs20 Do you think the cost calculation would have been different historically, is there data on that?
\fs24 \

\fs20 Do you think it\'92s possible to implement a cross-country comparison?
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Different Ideas / Arguments for UBI
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Economy
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \'93A\'94
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Richard Pereira
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \'93B\'94
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Charles Murray
\fs24 \

\fs20 Milton Friedman
\fs24 \

\fs20 Adam Smith
\fs24 \

\fs20 Tim Worstall
\fs24 \

\fs20 James Meade
\fs24 \

\fs20 Friedrich Hayek
\fs24 \

\fs20 John Stuart Mill
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Entrepreneurship
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Mark Zuckerberg
\fs24 \

\fs20 Stewart Butterfield
\fs24 \

\fs20 Andrew Yang
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Gender Equality
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Alisa McKay
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Medicine / health care
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Canadian Medical Association
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Basic income: just what the doctor ordered | The Star {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.thestar.com/opinion/commentary/2015/08/26/basic-income-just-what-the-doctor-ordered.html"}}{\fldrslt (link)}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Paul Mason
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Paul Mason: "PostCapitalism" | Talks at Google {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQyr9l22fLE"}}{\fldrslt (link)}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Philosophy
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Andr\'e9 Gorz
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1000\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Article 55 - Pour un revenu inconditionnel suffisant - Andr\'e9 Gorz {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://societal.org/docs/55.htm"}}{\fldrslt (link)}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Frances Fox Piven (CUNY)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Trivia / Anecdotes
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Nelle Harper Lee, To Kill A Mockingbird
\fs24 \

\fs20 Martin Ford (author of Rise of the Robots)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Politics
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Martin Luther King
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \'93UBI Researchers\'94
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Guy Standing
\fs24 \

\fs20 Philippe Van Parijs
\fs24 \

\fs20 Karl Widerquist
\fs24 \

\fs20 Abhijit Banerjee
\fs24 \

\fs20 Paul Niehaus
\fs24 \

\fs20 Alan Kr\'fcger
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \'93UBI Implementers\'93
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Michael Faye, President of GiveDirectly
\fs24 \
}